[DOC-4544] Helm now defaults to secure deployments (#14438)
cockroachdb/docs: _includes/v21.1/orchestration/start-cockroachdb-helm-insecure.md

        For example, if you are allocating 8Gi of `memory` to each CockroachDB node, allocate 2Gi to `cache` and 2Gi to `max-sql-memory`.
        {{site.data.alerts.end}}

    1. For an insecure deployment, set `tls.enabled` to `false`. For clarity, this example includes the example configuration from the previous steps.

        {% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
        ~~~
        statefulset:
          resources:
            limits:
              memory: "8Gi"
            requests:
              memory: "8Gi"
        conf:
          cache: "2Gi"
          max-sql-memory: "2Gi"
        tls:
          enabled: false
        ~~~

    1. You may want to modify `storage.persistentVolume.size` and `storage.persistentVolume.storageClass` for your use case. This chart defaults to 100Gi of disk space per pod. For more details on customizing disks for performance, see [these instructions](kubernetes-performance.html#disk-type).

        {{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

>         If necessary, you can [expand disk size](operate-cockroachdb-kubernetes.html#expand-disk-size) after the cluster is live.

Reviewer: Not technically part of your PR, but might be worth changing this link to `configure-cockroachdb-kubernetes?filters=helm#expand-disk-size` (the new location on `stable`) while we're here

>         If necessary, you can [expand disk size](operate-cockroachdb-kubernetes.html#expand-disk-size) after the cluster is live.

Author: ```suggestion
        If necessary, you can [expand disk size](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/configure-cockroachdb-kubernetes.html?filters=helm#expand-disk-size) after the cluster is live.
```

    ~~~

{{site.data.alerts.callout_success}}

> The StatefulSet configuration sets all CockroachDB nodes to log to `stderr`, so if you ever need access to logs for a pod or node, use `kubectl logs <podname>` rather than checking the log on the persistent volume.

Reviewer: "a pod or node" now makes me realize the original wording (not mine, AFAIK) may have meant "CockroachDB pod, aka CockroachDB node" and not two separate entities. Unless you can also access the K8s node (VM) logs this way, maybe this should just say "a pod"?

> The StatefulSet configuration sets all CockroachDB nodes to log to `stderr`, so if you ever need access to logs for a pod or node, use `kubectl logs <podname>` rather than checking the log on the persistent volume.

Author: ```suggestion
The StatefulSet configuration sets all CockroachDB nodes to log to `stderr`, so if you ever need access to logs for a pod, use `kubectl logs <podname>` rather than checking the log on the persistent volume.
```
